so all Israel was recorded by
so all Israel was recorded by genealogists and indeed they were
genealogists and indeed they were
genealogists and indeed they were inscribed in the book of the kings of
inscribed in the book of the kings of
inscribed in the book of the kings of Israel but Judah was carried away
Israel but Judah was carried away
Israel but Judah was carried away captive to Babylon because of their
captive to Babylon because of their
captive to Babylon because of their unfaithfulness and the first inhabitants
unfaithfulness and the first inhabitants
unfaithfulness and the first inhabitants who dwelt in their possessions in the
who dwelt in their possessions in the
who dwelt in their possessions in the cities were Israelites priests Levites
cities were Israelites priests Levites
cities were Israelites priests Levites and the Nephilim now in Jerusalem the
and the Nephilim now in Jerusalem the
and the Nephilim now in Jerusalem the children of Judah dwelt and some of the
children of Judah dwelt and some of the
children of Judah dwelt and some of the children of Benjamin and of the children
children of Benjamin and of the children
children of Benjamin and of the children of Ephraim and Manasseh uthai the son of
of Ephraim and Manasseh uthai the son of
of Ephraim and Manasseh uthai the son of a my hood the son of a Murray the son of
a my hood the son of a Murray the son of
a my hood the son of a Murray the son of Emery the son of Bain I of the
Emery the son of Bain I of the
Emery the son of Bain I of the descendants of Pires the son of Judah of
descendants of Pires the son of Judah of
descendants of Pires the son of Judah of the Shiloh Knights Isaiah the first born
the Shiloh Knights Isaiah the first born
the Shiloh Knights Isaiah the first born and his sons of the sons of Zera juoh
and his sons of the sons of Zera juoh
and his sons of the sons of Zera juoh and their brethren 690 of the sons of
and their brethren 690 of the sons of
and their brethren 690 of the sons of Benjamin salut the son of McCallum the
Benjamin salut the son of McCallum the
Benjamin salut the son of McCallum the son of Ho devaya the son of Hassan or I
son of Ho devaya the son of Hassan or I
son of Ho devaya the son of Hassan or I benaiah the son of Joh Ella the son of
benaiah the son of Joh Ella the son of
benaiah the son of Joh Ella the son of as I the son of McRae Michelin the son
as I the son of McRae Michelin the son
as I the son of McRae Michelin the son of chef attire the son of ruin the son
of chef attire the son of ruin the son
of chef attire the son of ruin the son of ab Naija and their brethren according
of ab Naija and their brethren according
of ab Naija and their brethren according to their generations 956 all these men
to their generations 956 all these men
to their generations 956 all these men were heads of her father's house in
were heads of her father's house in
were heads of her father's house in their fathers houses of the priests
their fathers houses of the priests
their fathers houses of the priests jedaiah Yahaira and Jacob Azariah the
jedaiah Yahaira and Jacob Azariah the
jedaiah Yahaira and Jacob Azariah the son of Hilkiah the son of mashallah the
son of Hilkiah the son of mashallah the
son of Hilkiah the son of mashallah the son of Zadok the son of mir AF the son
son of Zadok the son of mir AF the son
son of Zadok the son of mir AF the son of a heightened the officer over the
of a heightened the officer over the
of a heightened the officer over the house of God
house of God
house of God adaiah the son of Jerome the son of
adaiah the son of Jerome the son of
adaiah the son of Jerome the son of passion the son of Milcah J mayor sigh
passion the son of Milcah J mayor sigh
passion the son of Milcah J mayor sigh the son of a do the son of Jesu the son
the son of a do the son of Jesu the son
the son of a do the son of Jesu the son of mccollum the son of michelin earth
of mccollum the son of michelin earth
of mccollum the son of michelin earth the son of
the son of
the son of in
in
in and their brethren heads of their
and their brethren heads of their
and their brethren heads of their fathers houses 1760 they were very able
fathers houses 1760 they were very able
fathers houses 1760 they were very able men for the work of the service of the
men for the work of the service of the
men for the work of the service of the house of God of the Levites she mayor
house of God of the Levites she mayor
house of God of the Levites she mayor the son of hash Shoop the son of Azraq
the son of hash Shoop the son of Azraq
the son of hash Shoop the son of Azraq am the son of hash abaya
am the son of hash abaya
am the son of hash abaya of the sons of Merari backpacker here
of the sons of Merari backpacker here
of the sons of Merari backpacker here ash gala and mattaniah the son of Micah
ash gala and mattaniah the son of Micah
ash gala and mattaniah the son of Micah the son of Zechariah the son of Asaph
the son of Zechariah the son of Asaph
the son of Zechariah the son of Asaph Obadiah the son of shem Mayer the son of
Obadiah the son of shem Mayer the son of
Obadiah the son of shem Mayer the son of Galya the son of jeju 'then and Bera
Galya the son of jeju 'then and Bera
Galya the son of jeju 'then and Bera kaya the son of asa the son of Elkanah
kaya the son of asa the son of Elkanah
kaya the son of asa the son of Elkanah who lived in the villages of the net
who lived in the villages of the net
who lived in the villages of the net afar thoughts and the gatekeepers were
afar thoughts and the gatekeepers were
afar thoughts and the gatekeepers were Shalem a cub Talman a hymen and their
Shalem a cub Talman a hymen and their
Shalem a cub Talman a hymen and their brethren Shalem was the chief until then
brethren Shalem was the chief until then
brethren Shalem was the chief until then they had been gatekeepers for the
they had been gatekeepers for the
they had been gatekeepers for the council the children of Levi at the
council the children of Levi at the
council the children of Levi at the Kings gate on the east
Kings gate on the east
Kings gate on the east Shalom the son of curry the son of a
Shalom the son of curry the son of a
Shalom the son of curry the son of a bias F the son of Korah and his brethren
bias F the son of Korah and his brethren
bias F the son of Korah and his brethren from his father's house for kora heights
from his father's house for kora heights
from his father's house for kora heights were in charge of the work of the
were in charge of the work of the
were in charge of the work of the service gatekeepers of the tabernacle
service gatekeepers of the tabernacle
service gatekeepers of the tabernacle their fathers had been keepers of the
their fathers had been keepers of the
their fathers had been keepers of the entrance to the camp of the Lord and
entrance to the camp of the Lord and
entrance to the camp of the Lord and Phineas the son of Eleazar had been the
Phineas the son of Eleazar had been the
Phineas the son of Eleazar had been the officer over them in time past the Lord
officer over them in time past the Lord
officer over them in time past the Lord was with him Zechariah the son of
was with him Zechariah the son of
was with him Zechariah the son of Michelle Amaya was keeper of the door of
Michelle Amaya was keeper of the door of
Michelle Amaya was keeper of the door of the tabernacle of meeting all those
the tabernacle of meeting all those
the tabernacle of meeting all those chosen as gatekeepers were 212
chosen as gatekeepers were 212
chosen as gatekeepers were 212 they were recorded by their genealogy in
they were recorded by their genealogy in
they were recorded by their genealogy in their villages
their villages
their villages David and Samuel the seer had appointed
David and Samuel the seer had appointed
David and Samuel the seer had appointed them to their trusted office so they and
them to their trusted office so they and
them to their trusted office so they and their children were in charge of the
their children were in charge of the
their children were in charge of the gates of the house of the Lord the house
gates of the house of the Lord the house
gates of the house of the Lord the house of the tabernacle by assignment
of the tabernacle by assignment
of the tabernacle by assignment the gatekeepers were assigned to the
the gatekeepers were assigned to the
the gatekeepers were assigned to the four directions the east west north and
four directions the east west north and
four directions the east west north and south and their brethren and their
south and their brethren and their
south and their brethren and their villages had to come with them from time
villages had to come with them from time
villages had to come with them from time to time for seven days for in this
to time for seven days for in this
to time for seven days for in this trusted office were four chief
trusted office were four chief
trusted office were four chief gatekeepers they were Levites and they
gatekeepers they were Levites and they
gatekeepers they were Levites and they had charged over the chambers and
had charged over the chambers and
had charged over the chambers and Treasuries of the house of God and they
Treasuries of the house of God and they
Treasuries of the house of God and they lodged all around the house of God
lodged all around the house of God
lodged all around the house of God because they had the responsibility and
because they had the responsibility and
because they had the responsibility and they were in charge of opening it every
they were in charge of opening it every
they were in charge of opening it every morning now some of them were in charge
morning now some of them were in charge
morning now some of them were in charge of the serving vessels for they brought
of the serving vessels for they brought
of the serving vessels for they brought them in and took them out by count some
them in and took them out by count some
them in and took them out by count some of them were appointed over the
of them were appointed over the
of them were appointed over the furnishings and over all the implements
furnishings and over all the implements
furnishings and over all the implements of the sanctuary and over the fine flour
of the sanctuary and over the fine flour
of the sanctuary and over the fine flour and the wine and the oil and the incense
and the wine and the oil and the incense
and the wine and the oil and the incense and the spices and some of the sons of
and the spices and some of the sons of
and the spices and some of the sons of the priests made the ointment of the
the priests made the ointment of the
the priests made the ointment of the spices mattifier of the Levites the
spices mattifier of the Levites the
spices mattifier of the Levites the firstborn of Shalem the kora Hite had
firstborn of Shalem the kora Hite had
firstborn of Shalem the kora Hite had the trusted office over the things that
the trusted office over the things that
the trusted office over the things that were baked in the pans and some of their
were baked in the pans and some of their
were baked in the pans and some of their brethren of the sons of the kohathites
brethren of the sons of the kohathites
brethren of the sons of the kohathites were in charge of preparing the
were in charge of preparing the
were in charge of preparing the showbread for every Sabbath these are
showbread for every Sabbath these are
showbread for every Sabbath these are the singers heads of the father's houses
the singers heads of the father's houses
the singers heads of the father's houses of the Levites who lodged in the
of the Levites who lodged in the
of the Levites who lodged in the chambers and were free from other duties
chambers and were free from other duties
chambers and were free from other duties for they were employed in that work day
for they were employed in that work day
for they were employed in that work day and night these heads of the father's
and night these heads of the father's
and night these heads of the father's houses of the Levites were heads
houses of the Levites were heads
houses of the Levites were heads throughout their generations they dwelt
throughout their generations they dwelt
throughout their generations they dwelt at Jerusalem jio
at Jerusalem jio
at Jerusalem jio a father of Gibeon whose wife's name was
a father of Gibeon whose wife's name was
a father of Gibeon whose wife's name was may occur dwelt at Gibeon his firstborn
may occur dwelt at Gibeon his firstborn
may occur dwelt at Gibeon his firstborn son was abdun then zur Kish Bale nur
son was abdun then zur Kish Bale nur
son was abdun then zur Kish Bale nur Nadab ghido Ohio Zechariah and Nick
Nadab ghido Ohio Zechariah and Nick
Nadab ghido Ohio Zechariah and Nick laughs and Mick laughs begat Shem ear
laughs and Mick laughs begat Shem ear
laughs and Mick laughs begat Shem ear they also dwelt alongside their
they also dwelt alongside their
they also dwelt alongside their relatives in Jerusalem with their
relatives in Jerusalem with their
relatives in Jerusalem with their brethren Noah begat Kish Kish begat Saul
brethren Noah begat Kish Kish begat Saul
brethren Noah begat Kish Kish begat Saul and Saul begat Jonathan Alka schewe AB
and Saul begat Jonathan Alka schewe AB
and Saul begat Jonathan Alka schewe AB in adapt and Ishmael the son of Jonathan
in adapt and Ishmael the son of Jonathan
in adapt and Ishmael the son of Jonathan was Mary Bale and Mary Bale begat Micah
was Mary Bale and Mary Bale begat Micah
was Mary Bale and Mary Bale begat Micah the sons of Micah were Python Mallick
the sons of Micah were Python Mallick
the sons of Micah were Python Mallick Terrier and a hands and a has begat
Terrier and a hands and a has begat
Terrier and a hands and a has begat gerrae
gerrae
gerrae gerrae forgot alum f as Mavis and
gerrae forgot alum f as Mavis and
gerrae forgot alum f as Mavis and Zimride and Zimride begat Musa Moses
Zimride and Zimride begat Musa Moses
Zimride and Zimride begat Musa Moses begat binya refer his son Eleazar his
begat binya refer his son Eleazar his
begat binya refer his son Eleazar his son and a Zell his son and asel had six
son and a Zell his son and asel had six
son and a Zell his son and asel had six sons whose names were these as we can
sons whose names were these as we can
sons whose names were these as we can buckaroo
buckaroo
buckaroo Ishmael she Araya Obadiah and Haman
Ishmael she Araya Obadiah and Haman
Ishmael she Araya Obadiah and Haman these were the sons of a zone
these were the sons of a zone
these were the sons of a zone [Music]